Introduce ENSO_LAUNCHER env var to configure behavior of buildEngineDistribution (#12035)
enso-org/enso: docs/infrastructure/native-image.md

### Engine runner Configuration

The Native Image generation for the Engine Runner is currently in a preview
state. It is triggered by `ENSO_LAUNCHER` environment variable. Its value can be
one of the following:

- `shell`: The default value. `buildEngineDistribution` command does not build
  the native image.
- `debugnative`: `buildEngineDistribution` command builds native image with
  assertions enabled (`-ea`). Useful for running tests on the CI.
- `native`: `buildEngineDistribution` command builds native image with

>   assertions disabled (`-ea`). Used when building the release by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assertions disabled (`-ea`). Turns on maximal optimizations which may increase the build time.
```

### Engine runner Configuration

The Native Image generation for the Engine Runner is currently in a preview
state. It is triggered by `ENSO_LAUNCHER` environment variable. Its value can be
one of the following:

- `shell`: The default value. `buildEngineDistribution` command does not build
  the native image.
- `debugnative`: `buildEngineDistribution` command builds native image with
  assertions enabled (`-ea`). Useful for running tests on the CI.
- `native`: `buildEngineDistribution` command builds native image with
  assertions disabled (`-ea`). Turns on maximal optimizations which may increase
  the build time.

To generate the Native Image for runner either explicitly execute

```bash
sbt> engine-runner/buildNativeImage
```

or

```bash
$ ENSO_LAUNCHER=native sbt buildEngineDistribution
```

> 

Reviewer: Also check line 283:
```
Espresso support works also with
[native image support](#engine-runner-configuration). Just make sure
`ENSO_JAVA=espresso` is specified when building the `runner` executable:

```bash
enso$ rm ./built-distribution/enso-engine-*/enso-*/bin/enso
enso$ ENSO_JAVA=espresso sbt --java-home /graalvm
sbt> engine-runner/buildNativeImage
```
```
